Description
Edit

Basic idea is here:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kxbFglsl8Ux8rxOT1xl7qhiMWJHXfC9AT1ANLOp21hk/edit

Part of initial idea:
Make rewards for any move inside app &

If a recommendation is shown, there should be a way to create a goal to work on that recommendation. So if it is recommended that you should walk 8000 steps daily, then the user should be able to create a goal and work on it, track it, get encouragement to complete it daily.

Add notification features from the recommendations (like:
Time to drink water
Take pill
Walk
Switch off the light 1 hour before the sleep
Recommended food
etc


List of Rewards for every action. Make lists of actions and type of rewards


Free subscription for 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12 months
Free package of recommendations, more in this task: (2a. Types in app monetization, incl, Marketplace implementation). Rewards could be based on the amount of recommendations. Like package of 10 recommendations
Use the idea of giving away LONG tokens for reaching the goals. 1 LONG for 1 day using app. Yes today LONG token is cheap, but one day could be x10-30 more
LONG tokens could be automatically dropped thru Airdrop. Automated way to airdrop coins once app rewards users for reaching any goal
Giveaway LONG for minimizing risks of your sickness & possible death. Let's make people get money for their longer living. Just imagine how we can change the world with this. "We pay you for your living"
Subscription to app reward
Filling all data after registration
Comment in mobile store award
Subscription to each out of 15 social networks reward. 1 reward for 1 social network. More rewards for new users of social network
reward for any post in any our social networks. More posts in more social networks more rewards
Bring a friend reward
Post in your social network reward
Reward for your friends post in his social network. Continue this Multi Level Marketing of rewards
Please continue


List of notification



For each reward listed above to make a relevant notification
Make notification alerts which pop up if the health conditions changes due to changes of parameters (have nothing to do with rewards)