Description


Previous name of the task: Subscription plans.

In this task, we discuss everything related to what and how we can sell inside our app.

This is another task and has nothing to do with current task: Today we have the same rate for all countries. But a good point, to make it 0,50$ for Africa, 1$ for Asia, and other rates for other countries. And make the price rating depending on countries.

Also note this www.longevitycoin.org
Google Drive
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1er_3nfHy9cLHWM70VOmqQ3PVc85GoDwX6b3w1mNI1wo/edit

Access your Drive files for a project directly from its card, or create and attach new Drive files to a card.



Types of in app monetization. Placed in priority order.

Monthly subscription, customized on countries economical situation. Use this user-friendly approach: "Keep all what was paid for before subscription ends. After your subscription ends you can keep all data provided for yo & you can still store your updating historical quality of life data in your current Digital BioBank Account. But for new risks assessment report due to changes of your parameters & personalized recommendations how to avoid potential risks, please subscribe".
Pay per recommendation (some parameter changed and the user pays to update his recommendations). The initial price should be X times lower than going to therapist in each country and should reflect countries economical situation, e.g. cheapest Sudan 0,5$ per recommendation, expensive - Japan 12$. Use this user-friendly approach: "Keep all what was paid for before subscription ends. After your subscription ends you can keep all data provided for yo & you can still store your updating historical quality of life data in your current Digital BioBank Account. But for new risks assessment report due to changes of your parameters & personalized recommendations how to avoid potential risks, please subscribe".
Pay to get recommendations from our Marketplace customers (B2B clients which offer services a bit like we do, e.g. Ada Health. Explanation slide:
Purchase Coins www.LongevityCoin.org
Purchase goods in Shop
Support non profit foundations
Purchase Resort services from www.LongevityScientificResort.com
Pay to send a weekly report to a doctor on one of the platforms (do doc.ru, doc.ua, etc.).
Pay to send reports to your doctor whenever you want.
Pay to connect our app to other health apps such as Google Fit, Samsung Health, Xiaomi Health, etc., and to get better health tracking.